Good morning everyone, thanks for joining. Let's focus on the GK API ingestion pipeline and the product data mismatches we've seen in the StoreBridge logs over the last few days.
Morning John. Yeah, this has been raised by multiple stores; some prices and descriptions aren't updating even though the nightly batch runs completed.
I checked yesterday's Azure Service Bus ingestion logs. Messages were received, but around twelve percent failed during transformation in the Processing microservice; retries happened, then they went to the dead-letter queue.
Right, the logs show serialization errors around the PLU and GTIN mapping. Some payloads carry both, and our transformation doesn't consistently pick the correct one.
That's consistent with integration tests. We changed mapping when GK added GTIN, but backward compatibility wasn't fully verified. The schema validator may be too lenient.
From operations, this creates data quality issues in stores; outdated promo prices force manual overrides, and store managers are, um, frustrated.
Okay, so both technical and operational angles. David, do we know how many stores are affected?
Approximately thirty five percent in Belgium and about ten percent in Romania. The affected records cluster in Seasonal Promotions and Private Label categories.
This matches business reports. GK mentioned some payloads miss a PLU when a product only has GTIN. We should see if our ingestion can accept that instead of rejecting it.
I can adjust the mapping to use GTIN as a fallback when PLU is missing, but we must check that downstream joins in the pricing table still work.
Please verify the interaction between ProductSyncWorker and PricingUpdateHandler; both write to the same SQL Server table and could create duplicates in race conditions.
Before code changes, I'd like to replicate failing cases in QA. Then we can validate transformation fixes and observability in parallel.
On observability, we lack correlation between ingestion and processing spans. If we add OpenTelemetry trace IDs to message properties, we can follow each message end to end in Application Insights.
That would help a lot. I'll need an example for injecting and extracting those IDs in our .NET workers.
No problem. We already use the OpenTelemetry SDK; we just need to propagate the trace context when sending and receiving messages—configuration more than refactor.
Once we have that, operations can monitor the full message lifecycle and spot bottlenecks before they escalate.
Excellent. Mike, could you refresh the business-side Confluence page for the GK integration once the fix is in staging? It's getting a bit out of date.
Sure, I'll update it and include sample payloads after Sarah's changes land in staging.
I'll prepare a regression test plan, including negative scenarios like malformed payloads or missing category codes so the system degrades gracefully.
I'll also create a dashboard in Application Insights that shows transformation failures per store and per payload type, so we can see if the fix actually improves things.
Let's review deployment as well. The last hotfix had downtime because rollback steps weren't clear. We need better sequencing of SQL scripts in release docs.
I can extend the Confluence deployment template we discussed last month; it's still missing rollback verification and dependency mapping sections.
Perfect. That will help during the release freeze period.
One more thing: we should align with GK on schema versioning. If more changes are coming, we need early notice. I'll contact their integration lead this week.
Please do. It's risky to operate on assumptions about their payloads.
After we finalize mapping logic, let's roll out to three pilot stores first, then go system wide.
I'll draft the test checklist and validation steps for that pilot. We can reuse the QA dataset from the previous sprint.
Great. Let's aim for debugging by Wednesday, QA by Friday, and a rollout plan early next week.
Sounds good.
I'll start looking into the ProductSyncWorker this afternoon and sync with David on tracing setup.
I'll send the environment variables and an example snippet for telemetry propagation right after this call.
Once we're stable, we'll close the older PLU—GTIN tickets as obsolete.
Good plan. This should improve reliability and transparency in production.
Alright, thanks everyone. Let's regroup mid next week to review progress and confirm readiness for deployment.